hello everyone I just wanted to do a
review about this product it's called
the oxygen x pro body spa and this is it
right here it's um it's a showerhead
that you put in your RV shower and it's
got a hose that goes along with it and
it connects to the faucet down here now
almost I also want to put this I also
want to and you know give you a look at
this faucet too because this is an
empire faucet that I would recommend
it's really nice to have these easy to
move nozzles instead of the the tert and
the ones that you turn they get all
gross inside so I want to show you how
this works I'm gonna put it down like
this
one of the problems you have with an RV
shower is you don't get very good water
pressure and as you can see this gives
really good water pressure and one of
the cool features about this product is
you can press this button and pause it
because RV showers only have about seven
gallons we only have seven gallons in
ours of water so you press this button
and it'll pause it now look at that flow
out of it
it's a pretty good flow and I think you
can even it doesn't even better if you
have if you have better water pressure
with your RV in general but we have a
bit of an older RV and may not have the
best water pressure in general but this
is so much better than what we had
before it's about a hundred percent
times better so I just wanted to give
you a look at it it's only got one
setting and I guess it shoots out a lot
of air with it and that's what makes it
come out so quickly with the much
pressure as it does and you know it fit
this isn't the what came with it but
fits in there really and you can take it
off and you know just wanted to let you
know about it I would recommend it it
costs $45 at the RV store we got it from
while this down here cost 20500 all very
much worth it it'll it'll improve your
shower experience in your RV to where
you feel like you're almost at a hotel
alright have a good day